 according to statistics of the 18884 statistics, the number of british people who had to pay tax tax for property is 83.
 the inclusion of the convention into or translated into national laws, if promulgated in accordance with article 4 of the article 4, must be implemented.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance performance of the economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993 is still good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations has accepted this recommendation and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after completion of the consultation survey.
 the 1 step in the phase ii methodology is the 1 step of grades as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price of price prices in these areas may continue to increase.
 as a matter of fact, the vacancy rate for shopping and shopping market stalls in the market stalls are now the highest in the 5 years.
 the situation in peace-keeping is the most difficult for peace-keeping, because of the assumption that there is a significant change in the annual report.
 it is important to look into the intention of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesperson for israel, a spokesperson for israel, said that he had to stay long after long.
 some of us believe that this action would not be met if it had been open and transparent.
 this is very useful for member states to know the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996 and has now become a major non-governmental organization in reproductive health.
 the states parties are states parties to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, which is, therefore, legally and in fact the subject of a international law.
 although activities are still limited, the size of the future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate and try to conduct the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who breach the law should be given to the law of the united nations in the wake of the council's decisions and action.
 the parents do not lend their hands to the school and the teacher's responsibility.
 " now we are now pleased to see two systems ' implementation, and hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group of 21, is also the representative of china.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must be avoided with private property market and maintains different targets.
 we look forward to a thorough analysis of the organization's control of the united nations to conduct thorough analysis of the united nations.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term shall be elected by a election elected by an election commission.
 the person must be required at least due attention to the use of the device.
 throughout the country, the international e-commerce network has been established throughout the country and was successful in october 1998.
 the gross domestic product in 1996 was reduced by 4.9% to 5.9 per cent in real terms.
 after the first visit to visit the visit to visit the visit to visit the visit to visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile has made a strong protest against the democratic republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the military volunteer transport costs are not in principle in principle.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing problems between the two countries and the government of ukraine have enabled the government of the republic of belarus and ukraine to make prompt contributions to the organization.
 member of the delegation of the panel on registration of legal disputes in india and the united states of the united states of america.
 the warmth dr. huang huang-sheng's law.
 however, the committee pointed out that the state service is not good.
 in accordance with article 54 of the constitution, the state will establish the necessary institutions and services to this end.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30).
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed gratitude to the staff of the marine department for the construction of the shipment team, and other interested parties.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of the settlement of these groups needed to have a number of preconditions.
 tropical cyclone warnings were gradually returning to normal.
 this is due to the fact that drafts prepared to the conference were not in conformity with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities will be able to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish and spanish, this year, including romania.
 among the transactions conducted by hong kong, hong kong, with other local financial institutions and local non-governmental organizations, shares with local financial institutions and local non-governmental organizations.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storeys in areas where many bedspaces are built.
 it is vital to seek to be productive, and this relationship is feasible to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was later arrested and was sentenced to theft.
 there is a cause for concern for humanitarian relief to humanitarian relief in the region.
 in this regard, the public prosecutor has made a appeal to the chamber before he leaves to france.
 the trend of economic slowdown in these countries has contributed to the promotion of economic progress and the maintenance of social stability and thus bring us us deep concern.
 one week is one or seven days.
 we have, through the united nations, through the united nations, through the united nations, and with each other in the north and east.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in order to facilitate developing efforts to promote developing countries.
 " i don't know the sword's swords, " he said.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture said that china's control of avian flu is very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force would be a stable situation, which could cause the possibility of prevention of errors of violence.
 however, at this critical juncture, the league of terror must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i very much hope that the executive authorities can begin a dialogue with different voices.
 one speaker, a spokesman for the african group, commended unifem for its efforts to evaluate the recommendations of the mission.
 the chinese government intends to take a final plan in early next year, with 13 coal mines throughout the country.
 at the end of this year, the ancient town of the new year's past year is a hundred years old.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card operations of the operators.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents are enriched by a number of people concerned about the social and economic dimensions of the community.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrate the tendency to increase the council's permanent and high-permanent members.
 customers can be purchased within a period of six months after the issuance of the special stamps issued by the customers.
 the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph wong, visited the deputy secretary for education and manpower and officials of the education department.
 in the 1960s, it's an executive director.
 it is not easy to identify electors and electoral activities.
 the united nations member of the united nations of the united nations is deeply concerned about the resumption of the resumption of nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years of age.
 the service fee is $ 20 each.
 the bulldozers pushed out the homes and even the residents in many cases.
 these actions can be a police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officers, and humanitarian and peace-keeping personnel and the public.
 in fact, i go to belgium to contact the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes in the state sovereignty, national sovereignty, national security and peace, security and peace, security and peace.
 such an expert would help to identify genuine responsibility in space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairperson of the co-chairman of the coalition.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the nation-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 palestinian shops and residences were destroyed and the israeli army arrived at an end.
 the structure of the text is more tightening, simple, content and content.
 this continued to go, not only the nervous price of the ordinary people, but also give high priority to the government's competent authorities and experts.
 he may need to take a need to take a look.
 we cannot help ears and ears.
 as the saying goes, " it's hard to do anything. "
 it is expected that the vast majority of the national party is expected to be expected to speed up the democratic party in the new millennium.
 during the days of the day, the palasters, such as the last year, was refused in the light of the " spring festival ".
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan is optimistic about the taiwan tourism industry.
 there is the most important aspect of the existence of a hypothetical jurisdiction.
 the spokesman reminded members of the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan was officially elected to the director-general of the world health organization on november 9.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international covenant on extradition, in accordance with the international day of the international day day.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the united nations general assembly adopted by the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the constitution of slovenia, in particular to guarantee the human rights of women.
 er, on that, there are no black-seated blacks in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and the process of which has been more uncertain, and in a more serious political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of browsings released from april to november has been significantly increased to close to 60000 in november.
 this situation occurred in the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the commission's accomplishments of the work of the commission must depend on the ability of the members and the committee.
 the letter of authorisation for registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has already signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware, our pursuit of " quality " does not mean that the " quantity " is not important.
 there was a general view that the international community has no action to end the conflict.
 one of the requirements is to assess the damage to crops and infrastructure caused by the floods.
 it is therefore the government's 1 step forwarding the co-operation between the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong.
 in respect of the union, regional offices must assist in implementing the confidence-building measures adopted in september and october.
 the perpetrators of pre-trial detention and in the execution of a crime, the lowest and the highest levels of crime, and a maximum of 1<unk>3 of them.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by a shot.
 in the case of waiting time for the analysis of the care, the applicants are generally divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 as an example, it's an example.
 this would be possible to ensure that peace and harmony, and to promote the development of the world's different national and cultural development.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business of china's weather can be done.
 this will not only strengthen the local production capacity of local production, which can help to produce services in asia. "
 i would like to understand that all of us would understand that we are not eligible to be eligible to be eligible for 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mainly relatively minor.
 the coordination of issues related to the relevant united nations agencies and the coordination of related issues is also appropriate.
 in the face of the market's " products ", parents are much more suitable for their personal status.
 if the number of double-digit double-digit, the consequences will certainly be very serious.
 the vietnamese and lao, who cannot be resettlement, will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system in 1999 was working well in 1999, and the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear tests was maintained before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also believe that this may be a precedent for all types of ships, which must be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has already been aware of the problem, the government has listened to legal advice but the government will never know.
 as at the end of august, there were 34 chinese state-owned enterprises listed in hong kong and through a total of about $ 100000000 in hong kong.
 to date, more than 30 tons of relief items have been transported to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the commission on globalization and new technologies in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the different disparities in the working life.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt before the opening of the 1994 border.
 madam president, the procession of processions, in fact, is not a person's rights, and it is not always a political demands.
 the delay in the delay will be affected by the delay.
 the companies and foundations of the private sector and the foundations of the private sector are significantly increasing the interest of the united nations on a global basis.
 there are no other comments <unk> " <unk> "
 i am excited.
 there are two documents, one of which is the israelis, and another person is to the residents.
 because of the limited time, i have not been able to make all the services.
 the recent political developments in the recent past will not help hong kong to solve this problem in hong kong.
 the model component includes the development of a modelling model for a persian gulf and speculators.
 9 percentage points of this growth came from changes in currency exchange rates.
 typically, illicit arms transactions were carried out in place wherever far from controlling the import and export of weapons.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial system of terrorism, which is not tolerated by the swiss financial system, to do so.
 most of the job vacancies will be subject to the diplomas or degrees of graduates, and monthly salary from $ 8 to $ 16000.
 the value of works in the 3 quarter of 1999 is shown in the schedule.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 in the near future, these programmes are in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now being challenged, and the outlook can still be a source of concern.
 because of the more time, mr leung has more time, so i write it better. therefore, i support it.
 the observer for the indians, african and the inter-american commission on american cultures believe that the non-criminants were minority minority in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an employer in the next three years to conduct surveys on the work of the graduates of the university.
 we do not know the edition of china's edition of the chinese side, which is very likely to be an excuse for hong kong officials.
 the college held its 5 plenary meeting on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law establishes these parties (the names of the signatory, relying on the parties and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity in the implementation of national programmes is low.
 the commission will consider the specific topics to be considered by a gender perspective.
 " the special administrative region is warmly supported by the mainland as soon as possible.
 for example, the saharan part of the saharan part of the saharan region was only one of 5 300 people per 5300.
 the media must respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed on several occasions the border crossings between the gaza strip and egypt, each of which closed several days.
 as a result of speeding up, the cost of transport was reduced, and the cost of transport is reduced, and all sectors have benefited.
 as long as chao man-tzu's " school ", " says chao man-tzu's " school ".
 36. 2 is to absorb the development of knowledge, technical and skilled talented talents.
 she wanted to do what we can do. such as the radio, television, schooling, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and bullets.
 to talk about the children's children's growth, it is difficult to look at the impact of their impact.
 the cost of the freight is based on the basis of higher value.
 in fact, the housing division invites me to talk about this and explain why this is not a relationship with the reconstruction zone.
 the advisory group has entrusted an independent expert opinion to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i have not seen the eyes of the eyes, but often hear of such reporting.
 (a) the companies who are interested in rental of the cyberport should be required to apply for formal applications.
 as for movies, hou hsiao-hsiang's " martial ", " says yang chuang-chien's " young man, " " says yang chuang-chien's young man, " says yang chuang-chien.
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health, has said that about four years later, the director of health has said.
 difficult.
 in the department's central institution, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of existing staff, of which 1<unk>3 of them are management posts.
 in the view of the court, the buyer did not perform the obligations of the purchase payment.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall have a channel for the commission on human rights in the league of arab states.
 <unk> 1 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's status as a financial centre for the financial centre of the financial centre.
 it was considered that the mandate of the elections was the privilege of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 as a result of the visitors, it's a lot of shopping in modern civilizations.
 we have set a long target for hong kong's development as a leading international city in asia.
 the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-chuen, and the fund management committee, will distribute a new year of $ 80 per copy of the new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to enhance the use of " juvenile police information " to express their consent.
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment moved by the honourable lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact a mistake.
 shanghai <unk> rong <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 the hong kong shipping company is able to keep up with the domestic shipment industry in the mainland ships.
 to assist the government and people of sierra leone to assist the government and people of sierra leone, the united states was a priority of the united states.
 according to he said, the history of history has been in place.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown the role in the economic and social role of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider extending the competence of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which international support would be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still have to do many work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had been very active in its responsibilities since the delegation of the commission.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of the whole world as a whole.
 <unk> the director of information services, the director of information services, will be director of information services, on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are wearing fresh flowers of flowers, and then throwing the audience.
 the situation in the social field of society is most worrying.
 as a result, another emergency be sent to the hospital and doctors said that the child has been infected with children.
 the questionnaire had been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to this type of beauty, the artists are able to take a big mirror, but they don't forget to see the world.
 the aim is to exert pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that the ethiopian will no longer wage war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire occurred today (february 2) afternoon.
 we plan to introduce the bill to the legislative council in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the communities of the community should not let the past to be dragged upon, and encourage them to be encouraged.
 we should not forget that these are no waste of public funds.
 on the contrary, there will be an increase in universities in the local universities.
 i have recently been present to attend the residents of the local population.
 a copy of these written statements should be made immediately as the prosecutor or the person sent to the other party.
 qin kuo said that james soong will arrive in xi'an's 1 station on may 5, in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also provided additional information on the mission during its consideration of the report and the delegation.
 a major train accident occurred on a 22-day incident on the 2 day of the north korean peace station.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include representatives of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 the use of methods and expressions of the people of hong kong and i am afraid i cannot agree with them.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction industry.
 i do not have the beliefs, but i often hear religions of religion.
 in view of the establishment of the sar government, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu haihai.
 as a matter of fact, we have already partially implemented some of its provisions, particularly on mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america increased by 12 per cent in latin america.
 the number of unemployed persons fell to 19.3 per cent, for the first time in four years.
 in the financial year of 2004, the import and export of usd us$ 178000000 to the united states has provided financial assistance to the united states.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday and 6 june.
 at present, legal action is being considered by the government to take legal action on the pollution of the old site.
 the proposal was proposed for the establishment of 36 posts, while 18 posts are incurred by the regular budget for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 route " is the main reference for chen shui-bian's " new middle route ".
 right, there are a double-edged sword, and we are, um, the tables.
 in addition, the transport department has increased daily assaults on a daily basis to inspect the sorties of buses from 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only written in the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw attention to the attention of members of the council to the situation of external debt in the central african republic.
 if the next meeting is to be held at 0.9:30 am, the venue was 2105 in the united states congress congress.
 the book shall have to hold 3 years after the final version of the record.
 china has a total of 2000000000 people.
 the masses of a large number of bangkok people are prepared to go to the united nations in bangkok.
 similar statements have been made by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, the urban area of the urban area will be able to pick up the car park and loading road near ming ming road.
 the transfer of conventional transfers of conventional arms was a transparent measure of the transfer of the legitimate weapons of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline staff by the slow-down of the economic growth and the uncertainty of business prospects.
 it requires a social consensus, " the spokesman said.
 such penalties are not only a citizen of the czech republic, but also without access to refugee status.
 when i go to my child, i am very seriously making a very serious thing.
 the international seminar for human rights and peoples also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of gender differences and inequality affecting the risk of risk of risk of risk.
 it is estimated that the potential of these technical applications could reach a few000000000 us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory committee (lab) for two years starting from january next year.
 the 3 category is the elderly.
 " east asia has been accumulated in the east asian region, and should also be better applied, " the spokesman added.
 swd has contacted the family members of chen autumn autumn.
 the burden of accommodation for accommodation is up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy for the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there has been no place of such persons, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, all foreign forces, are invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of recruits, wages, training and management and management of the prison guards also apply to the prison guards.
 " the inspection also found that the costload is sufficient to meet transport, public utility facilities and other clientloads.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the ministry of home affairs, the home affairs office of the buildings department, etc.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters will be deployed before the 1 ballot.
 i would like to wish hong kong for a bright sunshine, and we have a great prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong have been the main power of economic development.
 we would therefore like to stress the nuclear powers that the nuclear powers should be concluded by the nuclear powers to the conclusion of a comprehensive test-ban treaty.
 in contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states has only maintained the rate of networking in each 20 users.
 since the opening of the reforms, the country's small and medium-sized enterprises have made a significant contribution to the strategic objectives of the society.
 as a result of the warmth warm warming of the weather warmed, it will be extended to 5 and 60.
 i hope that, in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the face of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision should be allowed to leave the guardian's right to custody after being appointed by the appointment.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the conference include the implementation of a uniform travel model for national citizens in the region.
 as a result, he is truly friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, employment, employment and re-entrying industries.
 " even if they entered into the inside, " he says, " we should not abandon the performances ".
 the draft articles will lose its practical role.
 as a result, the average rate of inflation in the last year has been greatly disturbing.
 i would no longer want to let the existing veterinary college graduates in hong kong in hong kong and in taiwan.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the economic experts of high-risk companies had also presented the same forecast last weekend.
 the project could also allow more public awareness of cultural diversity and maintaining such diversity as well as interest in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is now studying whether there is a need to increase the quota of loans.
 the above-mentioned seizures were carried out in accordance with the procedure of the criminal procedure of the code of procedure.
 as a result, it is the only way that the student's death.
 provision of basic medical medical medical medical medical supplies was provided with regard to health care facilities at unrwa health facilities.
 the land reform plan does not only be the relocated land.
 in this theme, the conference was attempting to remind people's attention that every 20 minutes had died or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 at the time of the neighbouring island, there were a number of craft products which could be purchased.
 motorists are urged to follow the traffic signs and follow the command of police officers at the scene.
 this conclusion, however, was surprising, since the legal adviser had preceded prior to the competent training of the officer in respect of payments to defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social security system or individuals.
 amputation of the amputation of the amputation of the amputation of their activities, working and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries had decreased by the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues will be expected to take a journey on lifelong learning.
 he was said to have been hiding on his father's father's confession, following the written complaint with his father.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment employment is only the only one-level service sector.
 the project indicated that currently the current small-scale enterprises are based on the previous policy experience of credit subsidies, which focused on the previous policy experience of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau referred to the " youth charter ".
 the three men were arrested for the money of the woman.
 they should be in accordance with the conditions of monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 in the context of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the war against iraq to iraq.
 the real development concept should be fully respected by all of the concepts of human rights.
 state practice shows that the duration of the option of the option is considerable.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, islamic state of afghanistan, looks forward to its consideration of the previous agendas, which could also be re-examined.
 countries have achieved a large reduction in the population living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused setbacks.
 as a result, countries in poor countries have no access to funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and the surrounding situation.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be devoted to achieving the goals of a multi-ethnic people.
 faiao found that the development, manufacturing and sales of people, and many of the world's well-known consumer goods.
 as a result, the veterinary veterins were also present to a review of the chickens and confirmed that all chickens had not been infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat has analysed many of the missions's investigation data and verified the self-crimination of the proposals.
 in order to address the floods of the new territories north, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 without legal and moral ethics, capitalism is often leading to drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 when he was formally entered into the wall's work, chen ching-kuen was able to work with the wall's wall.
 the two-way routes between the two places will be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the economy of the palestinian territories is that there is a great deal of success.
 <unk> don't take a large amount of cash or precious property.
 at least 17 were shots, 38 individuals were living with death.
 the working group and international human rights services agency, a minority rights group, was held in 1997 to deal with these issues in 1997.
 the 28 officers of the immigration department conducted 7 targeted units in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority would therefore be preferable to consider controlling measures that may need to change.
 the economic growth of both developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, is particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 persons who were allegedly killed by the communists of nepal ( maoistist) were killed.
 in accordance with article 22, a person convicted of the crime of terrorist activity, in accordance with the existing legislation.
 mr president, it will be resolved to solve the problem of the garbage landfill next year.
 during the 1990s, more than 200 children were killed in armed conflict and over 600 million left permanent disability or injury.
 this will also help the development of ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment in the north-west of the government.
 the department will submit a warning letter to the department's failure to make improvements or result of the failure of the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also concerned.
 in addition, we have received international reputation as one of the most competitive economies in the world and most competitive economies.
 the construction contract, signed by the highways department today (july 20) and the construction of the construction company limited valued at $ 68000 800.
 i have checked the laws of hong kong in order to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, there are practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 from june this year to july 1999 this year, most of the major sectors of the major trade and underemployed were stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, we will be absorbed by the disabled.
 in addition, australia is actively participating in the drafting of international conventions on international conventions for the prohibition of international conventions.
 the regulation, together with the industrial operation of the factory and industrial operation (work noise) regulation, will be able to implement the scheme.
 this letter does not wish to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of people in the poor and the relative numbers are increasing.
 we look forward to cooperation with the industry, " the spokesman said.
 the state party submits that the same argument should be applied to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the conflict in the darfur conflict were the intercontinental disputes arising from the farming of farming in farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved to cover local facilities such as fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details on the details of the details have also been available to provide assistance to those who improve language skills.
 on the other hand, chen was sitting on the cold winds and time from time to time.
 in fact, the proposal of the " gririson law " proposed by the grison law and the current practice of the british grison act is almost.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing the resources centre for the establishment of the judiciary is not encouraging people to do it.
 the chairman of the joint conference said that the discussion was very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will make preparations for the review of the district boards in 2003.
 vehicles located on 1 avenue of the 1 avenue of the 1 avenue of the 1 avenue will be limited to the vehicles of the permanent representative.
 in the face of the village, the villagers have been able to make a green tree in three years.
 the reform of the land reform institute in el salvador is established as a result of the implementation of the land transfer plan, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided, the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives or a girl was urged to contact the mong kok police station at 2398 6199.
 in 1997, the institute had been designated by the institute for improved quality and productivity programmes.
 this morning, we have a little time to focus on two issues.
 to that end, the importance of education and education to education is the means and means of developing countries to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it also affirms that the command of the army of the army is not the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of audits designed to provide a series of audits to the united nations asset.
 it cannot be possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these substances must not be explosive, non-existent, unsafe gas and no chemical response.
 the offence of treason has already occurred in the common law system.
 worse still, as a result of the devastating threat caused by the existence of nuclear weapons, they are taking root in the brains of many people.
 the village of the village was all scared.
 the armed conflict in the darfur region began in february last year.
 the rights of non-discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, and in particular respect for multi- diversified human rights.
 the commission's procedure is confidential, based on the rules, any document or addresses of any document or addresses.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the hong kong ranks will pick up.
 the choices were chosen to choose whether or not the contract was signed.
 efforts will continue to be a challenge.
 they tend to dissect them.
 at that time, mr patten is busy with the conservative party's work.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal for trial.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be co-ordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children, has always been saddened by the loss of national and religious boundaries.
 the seizure consists of $ 50000.
 in recent years, rapid changes have taken place in the world economy.
 these guidelines are available on the websites of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they think that the technical doctrine of science and technology could not be a level of science.
 although member states are requested to strengthen the field representatives, their progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was explosion near the city of the city of the city of the city of town.
 security guards and security guards at the session of the session, as well as personal officer, will receive special permits to the united nations security service.
 information obtained from the latest maps and the newly acquired images of the newly acquired images were transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the programme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, and no gender discrimination.
 however, mine-clearance activities have been carried out by the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies in its mandate.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection for hiv <unk> aids, and protects the human rights of these people.
 in addition, once again, the housing department has to look at the housing department to look at some time.
 drop-out rates in secondary schools are still higher than in secondary and university, in secondary and university, male and university.
 the easing of both the anti-china and sponsoring <unk> 2 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 there is no difficulties in the establishment and access of such private schools.
 unexpectedly, it's not surprising that she had changed her decision.
 the warning letters will be received by the transport department.
 in the united states, it is, er, that he is in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the environmental capital cooperation agency<unk> senior advisor of the president of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in investing in interest, it would be better to do business.
 it should also take into account the spread of international system changes over the past decade, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of them cannot be said.
 it has been proposed to abolish cuban sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government intends to recruit candidates to recruit candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day is still required to report to the gendarmerie.
 mr pak is the modernization of the hong kong sar legislation.
 the more the more voters cast their votes, and of course, our 1 legislative council is more representative.
 an hourly site is about 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles in the 13 minutes within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough, he will be able to take a break.
 this is a clear example of the administration of administration.
 in december 1963, an armed attack was attacked by a ethnic cleansing campaign against the turkish cypriot.
 the delegation of argentina proposed to include models in addition to the addition of a model.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities, " the spokesman said.
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation to the delegation of china to the work of the subject.
 no person has to turn to him.
 with regard to the situation of instability in the situation of marriage, she asked how to study the root causes of the family division.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year earlier.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the board members of the board of innovation and the appointment of the special adviser.
 he will have a major reform of the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 thus, the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important groups has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important groups in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of these countries were from external forces, not by the control groups and individuals.
 " this achievement has been in the past and every member of the united nations, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 to enhance the standard of living and improvement of the living standards of children and improve services, parents have to pay a certain amount of costs.
 however, further efforts needed to be made in order to enhance the results of the work, which caused attention to the national authorities.
 those responsible for the implementation of these criminal acts should not be allowed to provide safe shelters in other ways.
 on july 26 this year, a security guard led to sha tin, and saw a security guard for the arrest of two burglaries.
 it is the view of the council that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketer can only take care of him to get into contact or contact.
 pursuant to article 54 of the constitution, the expatriates of the republic shall be protected with the same protection in the law.
 the european union members of the european union have a three-year period of time to come to its law and on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is a very anger and a press conference with a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the importance of the treaty on anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to be weakered by the japanese economy.
 other people, as well as other people, are not used.
 on the other hand, they also need to be sold to the wooden boards.
 there were a six-year-old art experiments in the taiwan fisheries sector, but it's not easy to cultivate the fish.
 despite the international condemnation of the international community, the security council has been eradicated by numerous resolutions.
 in accordance with the regulatory practices and standards of the sfc, the hkma will carry out the supervision of the regulatory function of the sfc.
 the stars returned to the stars in the first time.
 we want to see the real universality of the university of peace and a truly global mission.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projection and projections, with similar assistance to private and commercial institutions.
 many years ago, they were invited to participate in the chinese new evening festival.
 the united states government recognized the diplomatic immunity of diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the fee is to be paid on the basis of an instrument of compulsory adjudication.
 during the competition, students had to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, blacker attacks, and equipment, equipment and passions.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and the implementation of proposals is being implemented.
 the board of staff also visited undcp field offices in thailand and china.
 the bill does not mention any particular reference to the use of confidential companies to concentrate on the loan or a company.
 it's strange to say that the chinese people think about the name of the chinese people.
 the department of health services provided health education to family families and to disinfect disinfection at their home.
 i turn now to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in our country, we are very concerned about this issue.
 the high commissioner was also raised by the high commissioner that the high commissioner should take the initiative on the implementation of the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 when the necessary action is to focus on the necessary action, we refuse to keep their eyes on a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of core issues of the middle east problem.
 i would like to do so.
 these include the threat of sovereignty, including the sovereignty of the sovereignty of sovereignty, and the promotion of technology.
 the maintenance of security and peace in the world cannot be beyond the development efforts of the international community.
 a state of emergency in a number of local locations was extended again on 15 december.
 a few days following the occupation of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the missile unique nature of the missile may enable them to be used to threaten, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 it is the government's policy that the government's government's policy is to adopt the support platform for the application of the application system.
 in addition, 106 private care centres have been maintained and 106 were also maintained at the rate.
 after that incident, the two sides have taken military operations, but there was no significant change in front-line situation.
 on the other hand, the general assembly has designed a series of new innovative games.
 however, in some immediate dangers, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the expert committee could be able to obtain new images with the commission's databases and the recent data of the commission.
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate has been provided for locally employed persons.
 the use of natural gas to natural gas will also reduce sulphur dioxide, nittro and carbon dioxide emissions.
 the works will begin early next year and will be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large institutions refer to the establishment of 100 or more employed bodies in other sectors, with 50 or more or more than 50 or more.
 according to section 23 of the swedish criminal law section 2, the maximum limitation of the offence is applied to the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 5682 8282, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, mr. hasan ii, king of morocco, died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the government of rwanda, and 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 were implemented by non-governmental organizations, and the rest of the 19 are also organised by the department.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to the issue of two special concerns.
 there will be no sort of automation.
 secondly, small-and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") are equipped with the capacity of information technology.
 8 days later, the u.s. u.s..
 more than 2000 baolan, which will be held from december 13 to 16, will be displayed at the hong kong park hall.
 the survey will provide a reliable and updated information on the living standards of the territory, particularly in poverty.
 one of the hot spots in the family are sony's new recording games this year.
 in 1993 it is precisely the general trend of the world respect for human rights.
 it is also aware of the very effective and other disorders for vomiting and other diseases.
 15 catholics, as well as in the humanitarian organization of the humanitarian organization, and many staff members of the humanitarian organization were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been amended in 1999 to grant more investigative powers and independence in the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of the south korean ministry of foreign affairs, south korea and south korea.
 he will deliver a keynote speech at the luncheon meeting of the hong kong trade development council (hkcd) and france.
 if they take into account the interests of each other, the international community will be able to cooperate together.
 the ministry of finance was submitted to the submission of the procedural order on 19 january 2001.
 he said: " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property market will not be large. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung has just said that it would be the case <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal basis of the proposal could be found in article 10 to articles 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it must begin to gather data on its storage and production of historical records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from all relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of people who have a lot of interests.
 i believe many people will not agree with this view, but rather than oppose the removal of land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the relevant traffic <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all those in the region.
 the angolan armed forces also took the attack in the southern part of the country, and continued to be in the south-east of the country.
 if we have decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to provide assistance to the problems affecting the shortage of labour shortage.
 they have adopted a model of $ 8000000000.
 in 2001, the court had received an embroides which had been received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 such a job will continue to be made by the division, and there is a need to look after specific circumstances and approval.
 police will adopt special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6 in order to hold a public service.
 the private universities also give relief to tuition fees on the basis of their economic conditions.
 improvement of our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, are indispensable to the common objective of our region.
 his cyclical force was very strong, and he was very high, and he was able to seize his heart.
 some of the persons who have been asked by the perpetrators of the perpetrators were made.
 however, the results of the medical quality of the medicines were being sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt).
 israel has also continued to open the tunnel of the al- al- al- al- al-qsaqsa mosque.
 as a matter of fact, the travel industry council has not received a number of complaints about the travel industry council.
 " i believe you will become an important asset between the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out an overall adjustment to reflecting the service of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i agree that we should be able to do so.
 the vehicle immediately fled the scene along sha tau kok street and fled the scene on tai chung bridge.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still being defended by their defence.
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it is, however, to be pointed out that, in the absence of their respective roles and missions, they are unfair and unfair. "
 i am sure not only affected today, but it will also affect the future.
 the environmental problems of the environment have been used as a result, and even not even the words " all the words " as usual.
 " our immunization system is like the armed forces, like the army, to resist the bacteria.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this led to the decline in the gaza strip and caused salt water from sea to the east.
 i believe that this week, we have been very important in this week to express our commitment to this international health.
 i also wish to express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general and thank him for his consideration of the reports submitted by him.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility, " the spokesman said.
 argentina, for its part, has been able to make sacrifices to rebuild democracy after decades of political instability.
 in the west gate area, it is only one of the legends.
 what is known as this is what we are well known, and it is important that it is important.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the work of the oceans.
 in history, there are no other children's death.
 as a result of the " flaws ", the whole continent of the whole continent has brought bright lights to the peoples of the peoples.
 as the chairman of the newly established advisory committee, i shall be able to build a tree on the basis of the good foundation of the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be a means of the implementation of the punishment of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, seizures of cocaine seizures were reported in recent years, with 913 kilograms of cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supports mexico's proposal to consider the relevant bodies of the united nations in considering the budget request by the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (tac) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, and he was taken away by a police vehicle in a police vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect nature should be undertaken in a more effective and substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to determine the results of public information.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement would be more than my short speech, but now i can now be able to speak.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums in the fight against terrorism.
 the 1 circuit court of appeal in the united states of the united states has ruled out the final decision of the court.
 in this connection, there were 150000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern part of the equateur area and 150000 displaced persons in the north of katanga province.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses, " the spokesman added.
 at the most, i can only go back to the local saying that the government is simply not to make it.
 currently, the current operating budget for unhcr is less than $ 40 per year.
 in addition, 10 per cent of the amount established on 31 december should be set up in the amount of 10 per cent for the exchange rate.
 the president and his wife were unanimous.
 the ministerial ministerial conference will be held in seattle, and it can be a forum for the forum.
 on the 1 question, he said that the above-mentioned 1 question is to provide the basic skills of students, university graduates and professional groups.
 so, if the so-called unanimousness of the so-called unanimous and more enrichment of the so-called unanimousness of the so-called unanimous, it is not.
 periodically, the image of regular and processing satellites and 7 (5 minutes).
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on may 24, 2000.
 as to the specific contents of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports and the rise of 2<unk>3 of the 2<unk>3 of the 2<unk>3 and colombian scores.
 the most recent example is to build a khave court at the shackard court, which addresses the integrity of country parks.
 the content of the validity of the items envisaged is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong institute of surveyors of hong kong institute of surveyors is a keynote meeting on the workshop.
 meanwhile, 12 adolescents arrested in the operation on 15 may have been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has been reported to the ministry of foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at present.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to gather information on anti-terrorist activities in the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how the information and committees of non-governmental organizations have provided information and how information and the commission.
 in order to protect the interests of consumers, i have moved this motion on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 however, there are 15 different countries of different countries.
 in accordance with the procedure for the procedure provided by the treaty, the legal assistance provided by the treaty shall be assisted.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 the list of states subject to the list of states is not short and directly victims of the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the above motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decrease in the construction industry, connected with the transport industry and the transport industry.
 as a result of the budget constraints, there was a number of restrictions on the costs of lawyers and expenditure.
 that must be the exception of the duration of the duration of the period of time, which is not in detention for too long.
 during the weekends, the new year's time comes to the children's parents and traffic.
 the banks do not want the other one thing that the government directs banks to deal with their business.
 programme enquiries can be made at 24.116.9 pm<unk> admission will be made at 2734 9009.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 the procedure for the seizure of assets (in account of the bank accounts) in the georgian penal code (in account).
 " in addition, we also believe that there is a need to expand and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the united nations has been established by the united nations, albania has been one of the most saddened dictatorship of the continent.
 we are not in favour of making pressures in the settlement of the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask how i did not allow you to join.
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, adopting global, effective treaty anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered under consideration by the international system of international institutions to be considered more specifically.
 embassy of the soviet union in italian embassy in italy.
 a code of moral code should be binding on the legitimate commercial activities of conflict areas.
 preconditions should be that the provision should be equitable, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 in all cases, the sale of arrangements for sale will be available for sale at the hos scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 55300, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i told it, since this issue reflects the fact that the history of the balkans, the history of the balkans and the people.
 in hong kong's future, some of the leaders of the chinese government said: " the chinese people can do so. "
 over any other group, they need the attention and care of the families, social and the government.
 it has reportedly been reported that the food, which had been exported to the polluted area, had exported food in other parts of the territory.
 with regard to the choice of the child's family, luxembourg was made reservations about the ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that arms flow into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry carefully and listen to their views.
 the young boys who wanted to have been killed, i would also like to go to all the victims in all the victims.
 ni kuang talked about women's taiwan edition of all copyrights.
 the overall plan is to focus on the promotion of girls and women.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to safeguard the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the communist party of the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party has reached the revolutionary revolutionary revolution.
 during the promotion of chickens, the number of staff members of the sympaths and emigrants were able to promote the development of the farms.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements was not received.
 against this background, the committee has endeavoured to know all of the acts in iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 these people have lost their power.
 the main reason for the unencumbered balance of the unencumbered balance is the termination of the troops.
 in addition, as a member of the international donor countries, we will continue to make direct contributions to the palestinians.
 in the field of remote sensing and practical applications in the field of remote applications.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) are entitled to election and vote.
 more than 40 enterprises in service industry have been loand during the period under review, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further responses in the drafting of the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we call entrepreneurship to know whether their own problems are inadequate and honestly.
 in the past few months, the storm has also been a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, it has been closed yesterday.
 after protesting the assembly, some people of the public were emotionally emotional, and the police had to dissipate the sea line.
 the work programme of the trade point is only in recent years.
 i think it is the most important thing to respect civil servants, so that they will sit down to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system system, which has a great impact on the impact of women than men.
 (iii) the office of the force commander of the office of the office: it is sensitive to the two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and the expectations of international trade.
 the ministry for the development of family development division and family support division has been carried out in the family development division and the family support division, which has been carried out in the national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the current exhibition is extremely successful in the context of a strategic partnership and strategic partnership point.
 the international community should continue to look at human rights in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 similar provisions of the joint declaration are also seeing article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked me.
 the united states dollar deposits rose by 0.6 per cent in december to november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society clearly depends on the economic and social resources and their laws.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the various committees have clearly reflected the urgent issue of the common interest of all humankind.
 their despair and suffering must be concluded.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's successes, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 of these 20000000000 us dollars, after all, only $ 123000000.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rental of hong kong tenants.
 such an approach should be concentrated on the basis of the proceeds of proceeds of proceeds of proceeds to the original guarantee.
 in his view, beijing's preparations for the beijing olympics will succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 the committee considered the question of production of productive employment in the previous session of february this year.
 as a result of the measure of economic measurements, we will have to face the critical situation we will face a general assessment.
 the maternity protection ordinance in the workplace was also prohibited under the maternity protection ordinance in 2000.
 paraguay facilities have significant improvements to the river transit corridor as the 2 key transport route for the road.
 welcome.
 the financial secretary also agreed and indicated that it would be possible for us to be able to implement as soon as possible.
 for the members of the public, the general assembly's importance is a culture of art.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far higher than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the national archives of the state archives were also looted.
 this is a great pleasure to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space science and technology.
 the discipline of their discipline and behaviour must be served as the united nations.
 these recommendations have been made for many years ' public opinion.
 " two letters of general letters have not been unduly worried, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who knew the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the missing person in kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide meeting.
 in the seven-year-old man, his voice was well known, and the voices of his voice are all dependent on 100 patients.
 this incident happened to the way to which imigregation is close to the emigration.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons is higher than a number of times.
 the government of a number of industrial countries has already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend their debts, which also deserves further consideration.
 as a century and this millennium, mankind has seen great achievements and seeing some devastating tragedy.
 mr deputy president, in explanation of my amendment, i would like to say a few words about the subject.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is civilian populations.
 2. people will be called the biotechnology revolution as a revolution.
 i understand that the chinese government had promised to draft the basic law to study the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 the money provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese temple fund and the chinese temple fund was promulgated by the chinese temple in 1928.
 it is known that voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment would sometimes be difficult to differentiate.
 this letter was written on the day of the japanese's day.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continued to be high, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10 per cent.
 mrs ip pointed out that he thought that many of the voters of the legal profession have been tired of their own.
 i would also like to agree with the amendments that the amendment would be related to the reduction of some of the complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 the meeting had been drawn up with the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review commission.
 the management system is a complex project, which has a profound impact on the personnel, budget and financial work of the united nations.
 it is also high for me to buy a joint venture with friends.
 in line with the relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department and the planning department will carry out the above-mentioned verification work.
 mr. wang ying ying-ying (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues, as president of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the purpose of the text is to submit a number of political options and rights to the states concerned after the international wrongful act.
 responding to the police, police officers conducted investigations into the three rooms in the above-mentioned hotel.
 they must accept the continued professional training and their registration <unk> mandates will be given for renewal.
 the education department (sd) will be invited to submit their choices in march every year.
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 i have also said that he was not hesitated with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraphs is even more obvious.
 the minimum age of duty will benefit each of the recipients of each society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i am not repeating earlier earlier, and i hope that only for those who are old, i would like to make them more.
 in the absence of any other speakers, the president should announce the debate that the debate should be announced.
 " you 've often contacted the people's darkness, or even the most darker, " he said.
 i think the size of the ceiling should be kept in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters are starved, and the winds of the liver and stormed winds took one night.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service. this is the expectations of our society. "
 this is a big step in the future.
 the community is clearly strongly in favour of adopting a bill of rights through a bill of rights.
 in my opinion, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation travelled to new york, it had a air safety and to prevent them from entering the united states.
 " there will be a significant increase in the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia.
 the delegation of the delegation believed that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should make more active implementation of the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties addressed to multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen democratic road: the government of myanmar is establishing a truly democratic state of a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly looted a 7-7, including five children.
 " we will be submitted as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) management private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable.
 we also feel that hong kong's culture of life is really an ideal city.
 in a number of countries, cross-border negotiable instruments belong to customs regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the salaries and personal income tax allowances will be received in the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the challenges we have to overcome and seriously consider japan's needs.
 the family affairs department of the ministry of health and social development is responsible for the tenth anniversary preparations for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee and the chairman of the commission and to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is a member of the italian mission of italy and the department of public information, which will end on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy in life (table 3 and 5).
 2, the checks and balances between the administration and the legislature.
 even if the shelling has not been public transport, there are no few people in the streets.
 this year may be a very different identity.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy of iraq's iraq policy.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the office of the police office.
 it's a very friend of me.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to reach its objectives in gdp growth.
 yes, it is a bit different.
 if we wish the united nations to play a vital position, we must make the united nations that the united nations should be a means of development.
 the financial secretary mentioned the song of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for the maintenance of the public housing estate, which is responsible for repairing works and to bear on the expenditure.
 after the election of the elected deputy president, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of accidents and accidents in the catering industry have been declining.
 the croatian police are also conducting traffic and vehicle patrols in some parts of the territory.
 mr cheung pointed out that this will be misunderstanding in the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support over the past.
 before the registration scheme is officially implemented, the authorities will consider the views of the relevant registration scheme.
 president: mr. martin lee, you have been soliciting views, and it is not appropriate for mr. martin.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " hitting " and said that it would be possible to reduce the salaries of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last stop in north america.
 the export of developing countries increased from 22 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at the 12 session of the tribunal, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 so let her her old stance.
 despite the need to analyse data and a large number of cases, the analysis content of the content of the data is less.
 the report noted, however, that although the local market had food in particular, the purchasing power of the population is very limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with such a view and recommends to retain the current level of 23.7 per cent.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be the reason why the international community has achieved in the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has recognized that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the hong kong economy has continued to grow, and the surplus of the kurds of the treasury has a surplus of us.
 this is the case.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 3 years, a large amount of documents has proven to have paid the price of life as a result of lack of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear weapons, but not the nuclear tests in the laboratory, or the production of new weapons.
 they told him that they were unable to receive him.
 as a whole, it is much larger than its part.
 (b) the c <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> c <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 as a result of the distortion of the green paper, it is really hu said.
 in 1993, 1993, in 1993, a member of the public who was appointed by china and became a member of the office of arbitrators in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- 7 on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority will be given to co-operation for long-term strengthening of the needs and infrastructure aspects of national protection and infrastructure.
 this age group averaged about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we need to use the need to use as the strongest law.
 at present, science and technology are changing.
 the paintings of chinese paintings and western paintings are also beginning.
 on the other hand, it's not as much as possible.
 i refer to the response of the crisis in west africa.
 however, the fundamental commitment of the angolan people to peace and national reconciliation has been truly committed.
 chinese exporters and investors have increased significantly in the activities of the european union.
 there are few indications that there is little indication of the existence of a dangerous drugs in fiji.
 such seminars are very tired.
 the brazilian turtle, futio, stucks and tao, was the most strong species of species in taiwan.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination between men and women.
 (a) its economy has more than 50 per cent of the country<unk> (ii) that the developed countries can be used in general.
 today, saint lucia was the 1 time for the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fanay phenomenon is the product of a new unilateral system of the new single single system of the state of the country.
 recently, some of the groups did not seem to have been able to speak and oppose the 1988 direct elections.
 however, with the return of people with people's livelihood, it will be necessary for east timor to continue its resources.
 in the capital of baghdad, a car bomb attack at least five people and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police had also been accused of a decrease in human rights violations and other irregular acts.
 his election underscored the various advantages of him, his personal qualities and his personal qualities and experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries ", the entire industry cannot survive.
 at the same time, the line of a 10 cm shall be on the yarn and 133 sub-storeys.
 to " repeal the words ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained in the general service.
 in non-pository security in the non-posurial security situation, the debtor should also be responsible for the debtors and maintenance of the responsibility.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly on mutual legal assistance, will be implemented in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress in the context of urgent needs.
 in the vicinity, explosions occurred in the vicinity of the incident, but there was no casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " meeting, namely, the open meeting of all states members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is not possible.
 as mentioned above, there was no mention of the office in section 8.
 i accept the secretary for constitutional affairs, that is, that some things are so close to the elections.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies will still be filled and the meeting suspended on the afternoon of the afternoon.
 the parking carparks of the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth in the income of clients is still stable, significantly better than the company's performance of the 500 industrial index.
 a lot of people have been able to enjoy the convenience of shopping for shopping in kacas, but it's not as a result of a large amount of money.
 in mid-july this year, lee sheng-yuen visited japan's illness in the 8 world conscription in the 8 world's congress.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan of ma wan island.
 based on this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat to indicate the detailed details of the two units.
 the chairperson also stressed the need for full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 in november, new york <unk> et <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the small seventy is well-being and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl's family.
 mr cheung kin-chung, " mr cheung said, " the occupational safety and health management of hong kong " is a keynote speech.
 if you want to ask you, i would like to look for you.
 the new advantages of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced of the radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of households in the economy, many of the money can be paid to a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft is already complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we need to uphold the rule of law, as we have to uphold the rule of law.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states are required to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not objecting to the promotion of the government's employment.
 when he was found at 50 years old, it was found that he had a very personal character.
 the israeli occupying forces also broke into the village after all houses, destroying one house and burning another.
 the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited as soon as possible, as early as possible, as early as possible, as early as possible and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of children in order to pay or to facilitate the use of children and to facilitate the use of children.
 that's all.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry further increased further by 2% in the value of orders.
 it is also important for african countries to face a serious external debt problem, which accounts for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and for many years, we are now like to return to the beginning.
 the economic and social council have 14matic experts, which are members of the panel of experts, and not national representatives.
 as a result, there is a more intensive tactical training.
 the whole project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for replacing north-south cooperation, and should be regarded as its supplement.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of the family is taking place.
 in order to ensure the quality textbooks in schools, the authorities have already set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 another thing is: " the business of the banks will be better. if it's just as long as gunshes, people will be sent to the money.
 some were reportedly wounded.
 while his delegation appreciated the leadership role played by unctad in the field, the discussions were only raised by members of the panellists.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who may wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, in order to enable these policies to be effective, there is a need to look at trade between education, health and other priorities.
 however, it was reported that this person had been relocated to the presence of the man who had been relocated.
 in order to avoid the strong interests of political parties, political parties should be able to receive public funding, and the costs of electoral campaigns should be tightened and transparent.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 unexpectedly, sun chung-yun has experienced numerous waves.
 the chairman of the commission on small and medium-sized enterprises, mr chan wing-kong, and the chairman of the committee's three working groups, will submit a report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of history, the vast land in the new territories is only subject to the control of a collective official.
 we welcome these areas, " the spokesman said.
 " don't " " don't " " don't ", " don't " " don't ", " don't like to tell it. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to be a matter of urgency, regardless of whether the authorities or the local people do not.
 please watch a series of five seriess of new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's new zealand's work.
 the adoption of new integrated work guidelines, adopted by the committee on 18 june 1998, included the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 during the testing of the experimental system, it was suggested that there was an impact on the number of affected areas and protected areas.
 a number of programmes on this seminar have been broadcast in the broadcast of a few programs on this seminar.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, there is no right to pay more employment and income more than the minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he cleared that he has always been working in the legal sphere.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent authority to conduct a review of the regulations on the basis of the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and assist them in employment, " the spokesman added.
 in view of the recent admission of the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, the co-operation of two companies is expected to be done.
 recently, a scholar at the university of hong kong was held in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, then he was able to cut his hand, and the safety of several thousand people had been assured.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections, which demonstrates the importance of their attention to provisional self-government.
 the marker was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the admission of " taipei's " signboard " signboards is now open to the new painting room.
 the names of the names of the names of the names of the name said: " it is purely false.
 born in new zealand, knchetch, who was born in new zealand, canberra and the university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens have been separated each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, will be put up on the proposed sites for public inspection.
 because the dpp has made a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of employees ' choices.
 the claimant provides credit credit for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that greater attention be made to the accuracy of the requirements requirements.
 according to the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for the resolution of the conflict.
 the national daily also quoted the economic scholars of the world bank office in bangkok, " nobody knows how many people know. "
 this paper has been published in the " red cross ", and the people of liaoning people publish publication.
 madam president, today, the secretary of today's grand secretary is the " diet ". we should not stay away.
 as a result of the atmosphere of this atmosphere, i might say that some of them would be more open.
 the annexes contained comments in the statute of the international court of justice in the annex.
 after the performance, the response of the audience is very encouraging to the staff and staff.
 i can also quote a number of examples, some complaints that some of the chronic diseases have been able to work with the hospital authority.
 the approved plan is required to reflect the latest development proposed by the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting to ensure that gender-related issues are more sensitive in 2001.
 she has the highest esteem and enjoying all civil rights.
 all sectors of the departments concerned will be involved in the scheme, ranging from prevention, prosecutions, and prosecutions to the victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the commission noted that, in some instances, the report refers to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in normal circumstances, 100 fighters per hour can be fired at approximately 15000000 small arms ammunition.
 2, to reduce the situation.
 first, the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories affected the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, no cash has been made available for the current peacekeeping operation.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general under the under-secretary-general under the under-secretary-general under the under-secretary-general for his briefing to us this morning.
 the decline in developing countries is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized jointly with the government of the czech republic, on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 because of the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to some of the concepts of concepts that have already been achieved over the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has resulted in the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in conflicts in the clan has increased more heavy to their suffering.
 during the briefing to the council in january this year, mr. sergio vieira de mello proposed that there should be general strengthening of the civilian police handling complex.
 our assessment is that the conditions in return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 young people are about 19 per cent of the population of africa's population in africa, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong has already developed countries or territories, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumer consumers of the united states will spend more than 1000 hours to look at 15000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq has been disastrous.
 this is a matter which is worth playing.
 the office of internal oversight services requested the department to assist the new political will of member states to make financial commitments.
 our financial position is lucky better than britain. therefore, there is no need to take the risk of any risk.
 the last time was the last time of 2004, but his deputy president of his deputy al-qaeda had frequently been subjected to ".
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law based on the rule of law.
 for this purpose, the bureau has set up a working group on waste reduction plans (atifying the working party), mr tam yiu-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter.
 on the day before the performance of the performance, hu nai was given a simple confusion of national music academics.
 the gross surplus of the business services sector accounted for 17.2% in the services sector, a 1 percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are required to take care of the dominant position in society.
 the civilian population of serb forces carried out military attacks on the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces every day.
 a spokesman for the department said the successful completion of a two-week survey was successfully completed during the two-week survey.
 the chickens were sold in the transport and blood test, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat would like to provide guidance for the continuation of these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long and extends 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children who engage in family services are involved.
 as a result, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that the needs of female prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (p. 91).
 huang ming-ming's 1 visit to taiwan is also because the war came to taiwan.
 the central meteorological station is expected to have the cold front of the cold front, which will affect the north huahua south of china.
 the present section recalls the reasons that the right to food may be the reasons for the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the buffer was a white ball, with the hands of the colonial people.
 the penal code and criminal proceedings act have been amended to strengthen national legal systems.
 in the absence of appropriate legal sanctions to engage in arms, appropriate legal sanctions would be facilitated to promote compliance with the authorisation process.
 the government, together with the business sector, has launched a series of activities to consolidate hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget is unable to maintain.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet tour of the hong kong ballet was distinguished by the hong kong ballet group.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs li, said, " all along, hong kong has been a immigration society.
 on 30 may, new fighting has occurred in the province of abdullah, abdullah, a new battle between troops and taliban in the north-west.
 in the computer systems, data in the computer systems are also very easy, and they also caused privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary gathering of the asean regional forum, indicating that there are major developments in the security situation.
 on a daily basis, the soldiers said that this day would be handed over, but he was repeatedly dismissed.
 " the better implementation of the mpf system, the better the overall burden of the civil society will be. "
 the committee was informed that the alternative was replaced by the united nations aid mission from the united nations mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often view people as the enemy as the enemy, so that the people have no sense of solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of our transport system.
 according to the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries was an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry me.
 through this election, china will fully ensure that hong kong is an asset class.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 such a strategy is not to follow suits, but not to go to the new areas, " said the spokesman.
 adjudication and approval will be issued in july.
 during the 1940 1940s, johnson's work earlier has exceeded half a century.
 the chairman, however, has a big question to this council's bill today. this is the case in this transitional period.
 he was arrested by new zealand from new zealand to the united states after arriving at los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung presented the hong kong economy and the future economic outlook for 2003.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 some experts said that statistics on statistics have not been adequately reflected in the size of the problem.
 therefore, we should like to respond to the needs of different types of different types.
 after the implementation of economic reforms in 1978, china's economy was introduced into a long period of time.
 the bishke group has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has also changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to continue to persuade young people, " he said.
 part of the results follows: in the social research, social research, mathematics, agricultural and reading materials.
 this year, the total revenue of $ 105500, which is nearly 225 yuan, is nearly 25% of the last year.
 these provisions should be dealt with by the chinese side.
 non-count items in other currencies are based on the basis of the united nations operational exchange rate of the united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court was the promotion of respect for international law and human rights.
 we have also ranked 2 consecutive years in hong kong's best service providers in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, my doctor's doctor also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " the need for revision plans to reflect the latest land uses in north-east lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to that end, member states must pay their assessed contributions on time and on the basis of the non-existence of their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the last half of a century, humankind has been living in a very hot danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a cabinet of the chief prime minister has established a cabinet commission.
 it would be necessary to be required to take place in the 2003-04, the longer the time, the longer the time.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the behaviour is similar to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 a summary of the financial statements of these financial statements should be given to the statements attached to the financial statements.
 in the south of yunnan south, some places in the southeastern part of the south-eastern part of the west are heavy.
 on behalf of the government and the people of the comoros of comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet conducted a programme of confidence in the structure of undp.
 in 2000, the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the president of a normman, mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the development of the right to development, planning, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (the vocational training council) is currently conducting about 70 000 examinations.
 after the culprits escaped, the victim entered the premises of the employer and revealed that the incident was revealed.
 the authorities have announced today that today is a state of state.
 for example, the killings were already set up in 3 phases, but it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
